Add documentation for ICorProfilerInfo13 methods and enumeration. (#30131)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/profiling-interfaces.md

[ICorProfilerInfo11 Interface](icorprofilerinfo11-interface.md)  
Provides methods to get and set environment variables in the process.

> [ICorProfilerInfo12 Interface](icorprofilerinfo12-interface.md)

Author: ✅ done

Provides methods to create EventPipe sessions, events, and providers.

> [ICorProfilerInfo13 Interface](icorprofilerinfo13-interface.md)

Author: ✅ done

> provides methods to manage weak, strong and pinned handles wrapping objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides methods to manage weak, strong, and pinned handles that wrap objects.
```
